So GitHub seems like the best way for us to work on this together. Don't worry, you won't have 
to learn anything or do anything complicated... I'll tell you exactly how to get it set up and 
use it. I know it looks really long, but it's easy, trust me! 

Also anything relevant that you send me by email, facebook, letter etc. I can put on GitHub for 
you. We could also record audio conversations and put those on there. We could also do like
I did for my "Forest Journal" and just scan handwritten sheets. But for the most part I think 
it will be easiest to just write text documents on GitHub (this will also make it easier if 
we want to put what we do in other formats like a website, etc.)

So here is how we do it (text me at any point if you have questions):

1. Go to https://github.com/signup/free and create an account ***Actually, I just remembered;
you already have an account called "Saronce"***. So log in. Then click on "Set Up Git". 
Then click the green button that says "Download GitHub for Windows". Open the file that 
was downloaded and install GitHub.

2.Once its done it should open up GitHub in a new window automatically, it might take a minute
or two. Once GitHub is set up and you have logged in switch to your internet browser and
go to https://github.com/Sheldonfrith/sarahandsheldon and click "Fork" at the top right of the 
page. It will then take you to a page called "yourusername"/sarahandsheldon. You can look around 
here if you want to but you pretty much don't need to worry about this page if you don't want
to.

3.Now switch back to the "GitHub" application that you set up earlier (if it is gone there 
should be a "GitHub" icon on your desktop). Now, in the "GitHub" application, click on "refresh"
in the top middle of the screen.You should now see the "Repository" (dont worry about what a 
repository is) called "yourusername"/sarahandsheldon. Click on it and then "clone" it (there 
should be a "clone" button next to its name). After you clone it it should show up under the 
"local" heading (on the left). Double click on this one to open the repository.

4. So now you are in the main screen for our project. You only have to "clone" it the first time
so all you really have to do is double click on its name once the program starts up from now on.
The next thing you should do is click "sync" (at the top) if it is available. This will make sure
your copy is the same as my copy so you can see what I have done so far. Now to actually start
doing things, haha!

5. While in this screen click on "Tools" at the top and then from the drop down menu click on
"open in explorer". This will open a new window showing all the files that our in our project.
These files work like any other files on your computer and can be edited and accessed in 
the exact same way. You will see a file called ".gitignore" and ".gitattributes" (and
maybe a folder called ".git") don't worry about any of these and don't do anything to them. 
They are just there so that the software works right and have nothing to do with our 
project. 

6. So now you can explore what has been done so far... check what is in the folders... 
open up all the files, etc. This is where we edit the project and add stuff; I'll come
back to that later. 

*This next step only applies if you have actually changed something. If you just looked 
around feel free to close "GitHub" right away. 

7. After you have done everything you want to the project (make sure you've saved any 
files you changed) go back to the "GitHub" application. On the left side of the screen, under
"# files to be commited" you will see any files you changed listed labeled as "new". You can 
click on the little arrows if you want and it will show you exactly what was changed in the 
file. On the right there will be a yellow box labeled "uncommited changes". So to save what 
you just did to the internet where I can see it, etc, simply write a short message about what
you did (for example: "added pictures of childhood teddy bears" or whatever) and then press
"COMMIT". Now click "sync" at the top. It will take a little while but as soon as there are 
no "unsynced commits" (on the right of the screen) then all of your changes have been published
to the internet!!! 

*And you can do this part as often as you want. Dont wait until you've got a "final draft" 
ready or whatever, otherwise I won't be able to see what you're doing. 

8. So to see what I have done click "sync 