HAPPY 18th BIRTHDAY SARAH!

From Sheldon. 

So I wasn't planning on getting you anything for your birthday actually... I didn't like the 
idea of just sending money or some other thoughtless "thing" and I was too lazy to think of a
better gift.

But I stopped for a few seconds this morning and actually thought about it. I realized that I 
have absolutely NO excuse for not giving you a present. Before now my excuse for putting myself 
above you was that I was maintaining the identity of a terrible, mean, misunderstood brother. 
But that is total bullshit. 

So I have an idea for a gift. Its not really a normal "gift"; its more of like a bonding 
eperience or a project for us to do together (don't worry not THAT project, haha). 

I was thinking that we could document our entire childhood; maybe all the way up until this 
summer?

I have started by scanning all the pictures we have here (well not ALL of them, yet. There 
are a lot!) and putting them on GitHub. I was thinking we could scan ALL of the photos from
our childhood that exist; AND a lot, or all, of our artwork; and anything else that is relevant
(for example we could take pictures of childhood toys... etc.) Pretty much we will create an
online record of everything from our childhood. 

That will obviously take a long time so while we are doing that we can also be writting
about our memories. We can write about each picture, each piece of art, each major event,
each person we remember. We can write about our memories of each other. We can write about
our internal conflicts and feelings throughout our childhood. We can write about the differences
between the way we percieved event when we were little and how we now remember those events.
Ideally we would write down EVERY SINGLE LITTLE THING WE REMEMBER about our childhood.
Because we will be using computers and the internet theres really no need to edit or 
cut anything out.

I think this will be a really good thing for both of us! I was wanting to write an autobiography
of my childhood anyways...
And I know that our future selves will definately apreciate it (judging from how much I enjoy
looking at those old pictures even now)! And maybe our kids too.

We could even turn it into a website if you wanted, it would not be hard. And I will take care
of all the technical computer stuff.

Also I am really interested, as ever, in learning more about myself. I'm sure I've got a lot 
of really deep seated habits and beliefs that came from my childhood and I would really like 
to understand where they come from.

Any ways, as you can see its not a normal gift. And its also kind of self centered. 
But anyways I hope you like the idea!

And I hope you don't mind the idea of it all being completely public (cause if its on GitHub
it will be)? I don't really have a problem with anyone in the world reading my most intimate 
thoughts. Although, in reality, there are things that I am absolutely terrified of telling 
ANYONE. But I think the world would be a great place if everyone shared everything with 
each other... so I am trying to break down those fears and insecurities in myself.

What do you think? 